Fixed Typographical Errors (#10431)
github/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Getting started

> To confidently navigate our codebase, see [the introduction to working in the docs repository](/contributing/working-in-docs-repository.md) :confetti_ball:. For more information on how we write our markdown files, see [the GitHub Markdown reference](contributing/content-markup-reference.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To navigate our codebase with confidence, see [the introduction to working in the docs repository](/contributing/working-in-docs-repository.md) :confetti_ball:. For more information on how we write our markdown files, see [the GitHub Markdown reference](contributing/content-markup-reference.md).
```

### Commit your update

> Commit the changes once you are happy with them. See [Atom's contributing guide](https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#git-commit-messages) to know how to use emojis for commit messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit the changes once you are happy with them. See [Atom's contributing guide](https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#git-commit-messages) to know how to use emoji for commit messages.
```

Once your changes are ready, don't forget to [self-review](/contributing/self-review.md) to speed up the review process:zap:.

### Pull Request

When you're finished with the changes, create a pull request, also known as a PR.

> - Fill the "Ready for review" template so that we can review your PR. This template helps reviewers in understanding your changes as well as the purpose of your pull request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fill the "Ready for review" template so that we can review your PR. This template helps reviewers understand your changes as well as the purpose of your pull request. 
```
